Updating Magento2 API + WP API docs (#9)
deity-io/falcon-docs: docs/falcon-server/basics.md

title: Basics
---

> Falcon Server is the entrypoint for backend features of Falcon stack. It acts as API server for Falcon Client -

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Falcon Server is the entrypoint for backend features of the Falcon stack. It acts as API server for Falcon Client -
```

### APIs configuration

`apis` object provides a map of APIs that should be used along with options that should be passed to those APIs.
You should be careful with the key value, which is being used as your API Provider ID.

```js
const FalconServer = require('@deity/falcon-server');
const config = {
  "apis": {
    "api-wordpress": {
      "package": "@deity/falcon-wordpress-api",
      "options": {
        "host": "mywordpress.com",
        "protocol": "https",
      }
    }
  }
};
const server = new FalconServer(config);
server.start()
```

### Extensions configuration

> `config` object can contain `extensions` object that provides a map of extensions that should be used along with options

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`config` object can contain an `extensions` object that provides a map of extensions that should be used along with options
```

> that should be passed to those extensions. Extensions should be added by specifying package name of the extension,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that should be passed to those extensions. Extensions should be added by specifying the package name of the extension,
```

and `options` object that is passed to extension constructor:

```js
const FalconServer = require('@deity/falcon-server');
const config = {
  "extensions": {
    "blog": {
      "package": "@deity/falcon-blog-extension",
      "config": {}
    }
  }
};
const server = new FalconServer(config);
server.start()
```

> If extension requires an API to work correctly then API can be either implemented inside the extension,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the extension requires an API to work correctly, then the API can be either implemented inside the extension,
```

> but it can also be implemented as separate package. Then, such API can be added via [`apis`](#apis-configuration) and used by extension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
but it can also be implemented as a separate package. Then, such API can be added via [`apis`](#apis-configuration) and used by extension.
```

> This is especially handy when extension realised some piece of functionality that can use data from various 3rd party services -

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is especially handy when the extension adds functionalities that use data from 3rd party services -
```

> e.g. blog extension can use Wordpress for content fetching, but also any other service that can deliver data in the format accepted by blog extension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
e.g. a blog extension can use Wordpress for content fetching, but also any other service that can deliver data in the format accepted by that same extension.
```
